Refactor the Calling Java Code from Ballerina guide (#3311)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/guides/organizing-ballerina-code/package-layout.md

cloud = "k8s"
```

### Packaging Java Libraries

When you compile a Ballerina package with `bal build`, the compiler creates an executable JAR file. However, if the package does not contain an entry point, it will produce a non-executable JAR file (a library package), which can be used in another package/program. In both cases, the Ballerina compiler produces self-contained archives. There are situations in which you need to package JAR files with these archives.

> You are free to store the JAR files anywhere in your file system. As a best practice, maintain Java libraries inside the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store the JAR files anywhere in your file system. As a best practice, maintain Java libraries inside the package.
```

Author: Done.

> The platform-specific library information needs to be specified in the `Ballerina.toml` file. Java libraries are considered as platform-specific libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform-specific library information need to be specified in the `Ballerina.toml` file. Java libraries are considered as platform-specific libraries.
```

Author: Done.

> Here, is how you can specify a JAR file dependency in the `Ballerina.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, is how you can specify a JAR file dependency in the `Ballerina.toml` file.
```
```suggestion
Yow you can specify a JAR file dependency in the `Ballerina.toml` file as shown below.
```

```toml
[[platform.java11.dependency]]

> # Absolute or relative path to the JAR file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Absolute or relative path to the JAR file
```
```suggestion
# Absolute or relative path of the JAR file.
```

path = "<path-to-jar-file-1>"

> # An optional comma-separated list of Ballerina module names (to restrict the usage of this JAR)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# An optional comma-separated list of Ballerina module names (to restrict the usage of this JAR)
```
```suggestion
# An optional comma-separated list of Ballerina module names (to restrict the usage of this JAR).
```

Reviewer: Please add the full stop in all code comments in all occurrences.

Author: Done.

modules = ["<ballerina-module-1>"]
```

> Alternatively, you can also specify Maven dependencies as platform-specific libraries. These dependencies specified would then get resolved into the `target/platform-libs` directory when building the package. You can specify a Maven dependency in the `Ballerina.toml` file as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also specify Maven dependencies as platform-specific libraries. These specified dependencies would then get resolved into the `target/platform-libs` directory when building the package. You can specify a Maven dependency in the `Ballerina.toml` file as shown below.
```
